Our Code of Conduct applies to all participants in all of our events
open to external partners and the public, as well as to the fellowship
itself.
We want to ensure that everyone who comes into the DSSG space feels
welcome, and we want to foster a safe, productive environment for
fellows, staff, and visitors.


## Anti-Harassment Policy
!!! warning "Important"
    Our Anti-Harassment Policy explicitly outlines the behavior for
    which we have a **zero tolerance policy**.
    If you feel that you or anyone else is being harassed or treated
    unfairly, or have any other concerns related to this policy,
    **please contact one of your fellow advocates.** All contact with
    the fellow advocates will be confidential.

Data Science for Social Good is dedicated to providing a
harassment-free experience in all event venues, including talks,
parties, and online media, for everyone regardless of gender, gender
identity and expression, sexual orientation, disability, physical
appearance, body size, race, age or religion. **We do not tolerate
harassment of participants in any form.**

Harassment includes offensive verbal comments related to gender,
sexual orientation, disability, gender identity, age, race, religion,
the use or display of sexual images in public spaces, deliberate
intimidation, stalking, following, harassing photography or recording,
sustained disruption of talks or other events, inappropriate physical
contact, and unwelcome sexual attention. Participants asked to stop
any such behavior are expected to comply immediately.

Participants asked to stop any harassing behavior are expected to
comply immediately and may be sanctioned or expelled from the
fellowship and/or all related events at the discretion of the
organizers. Organizers may take any lawful action we deem appropriate,
including but not limited to warning the offender or asking the
offender to leave the specific event or the fellowship program as a
whole.

If you feel anyone has violated this policy, please bring it up
directly with the individual or with a DSSG staff member or fellow
advocate.

If you feel you have been unfairly accused of violating this code of
conduct, please contact the fellowship staff team with a concise
description of your grievance; all grievances will be considered.
